Bug fix:'operator-sdk add crd' doesn't work after add kubebuilder tags (#1660)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixes an issue that causes `operator-sdk add crd` to fail. ([#1660](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1660))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the repo path correctly in `operator-sdk add crd` and prevent it from being run outside of an operator project. ([#1660](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1660))
```

> - Fixes an issue that causes `operator-sdk add crd` to fail. ([#1660](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1660))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the repo path correctly in `operator-sdk add crd` and prevent the command from running outside of an operator project. ([#1660](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1660))
```
